Update inf_for_numerical_data.Rmd (#117)
OpenIntroStat/oilabs-tidy: 07_inf_for_numerical_data/inf_for_numerical_data.Rmd

  calculate(stat = "diff in means", order = c("yes", "no"))
```

> Recall that the `specify()` function is used to specify the variables you are considering (notated `y ~ x`), and you can use the `calculate()` function to specify the statistic you want to calculate and the `order` of subtraction you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall that the `specify()` function is used to specify the variables you are considering (notated `y ~ x`), and you can use the `calculate()` function to specify the `stat`istic you want to calculate and the `order` of subtraction you want to use.
```
